I do and my name is Mark and I play the
role of Mick Mars in wrecking crew which
is a motley crew tribute band here in
the Motor City for those who do not know
where the Motor City is that's in
Detroit Michigan baby so I do get a lot
of people asking me hey man what are you
doing what are you using on this you
know how daddy out of but you know so I
figured you know Sunday morning
everybody's still sound asleep I figured
I'd come on here and make a couple
videos of some more popular requested
songs you know people have asked me
about so before we get going in the
event that you haven't done so already
you're going to want to tune your guitar
down a whole step to D so instead of
this string that being an e note your
whole guitar whole step down D now for
the sake of confusion and my own sanity
I'm still going to refer to that is an E
chord even though technically it's D so
guitar tuned down a whole step we're
going to start again with looks that
kill and when one more thing if you're
going to play cover songs what I would
always suggest people to do is follow in
the footsteps of Randy Rhoads Jimi
Hendrix Eddie Van Halen and you know 100
other thousand guitar players that you
know I'm not going to mention right now
put your own twist on these things you
know add your own flavor to it now I'm
in a tribute band so we pretty much keep
things as close to the album as possible
but uh you know that doesn't mean that I
still don't add my own little stuff in
there
so without further ado what you're going
to be doing here is
and palm-muting on the a-string now
you're going to make an 8 v chord we'll
just call them power chords now you're
going to put your first finger at the
7th fret on your D string take your
third finger put it on the 9th fret of
your g string now I always add my pinky
and so palm mute whole step down to G
and then G flat so now there's a little
overdub that goes in there that will
lead lick and on your high E string at
the 22nd fret you're going to go and
back into the lick now when we play the
song what I do this is one of those
things you know after I do the bed I
take the a pentatonic down and just as
simple
a little faster
and there you're into the verse now
before the chorus comes in and there's
that little kind of bridge part as
you're doing the burst you're going to
go a half step down more and if you do
have a whammy bar you're going to be
going
now this part is getting too close up
here you're going to be going it's again
in a fifth chord you're going to start
on the fifth which is e so that's second
fret on the d-string so to open a now
you're going to go let's get a maneuver
here so you can get a good eye view of
what I'm doing
you
second verse yada yada yada now after
the second verse and then the course
again there's that part she's got looks
to kill she's got looks go
so that part see if we can get a
maneuver here you're going to be going
so that a Power Core I use my pinky here
because I'm sliding my first finger down
a half step open a so I'm putting I'm
using these two fingers here my second
and third finger my second finger is on
the 8th fret of my B string my third
finger I put on the 8th fret of my East
ring and then my first finger is on the
E string behind my third finger we
follow all that and I just do a pull off
so and it's kind of the same concept
down you go a whole step down to G that
lick is at the 5th fret and then go to F
so there you're at the 3rd fret
and then you're into the lead and then
pretty much all the pieces I've given
you you can use to complete the song
so there's looks that kill in a nutshell
I hope that helps you if you are
learning trying to learn this on thank
you for watching if you dig it please
subscribe